---
layout: dailylog
postType: dailylog
font: 
extraClasses: 
postType: dailylog
title: "<i>The Story</i>"
metaTitle: "The Story"
metaDescription: 
publishedOn: 
updateAt: 
readingTime: 
published: 1
coverImg: 
subtitle:
subtitleBottom:
extract: |
    No one knows about the details of *the story*, because those who do can no longer remain in existence. The moment you learn every detail about *the story* you would cease to exist. It is the story about the cats that become faceless when they hear you whisper their family names. Why. You may ask. That is because they don’t have a family name. These cats enjoy telling one another rumors about the fish with no friends. His name is Mr Sashimi. Mr Sashimi likes to read newspaper in public swimming pools and more often than not it gives advices to its friends on how to water their plants. Watering plants is a good source of entertainment especially when you have no friends.
---

No one knows about the details of *the story*, because those who do can no longer remain in existence. The moment you learn every detail about *the story* you would cease to exist. It is the story about the cats that become faceless when they hear you whisper their family names. Why. You may ask. That is because they don’t have a family name. These cats enjoy telling one another rumors about the fish with no friends. His name is Mr Sashimi. Mr Sashimi likes to read newspaper in public swimming pools and more often than not it gives advices to its friends on how to water their plants. Watering plants is a good source of entertainment especially when you have no friends. But to be able to do it adeptly you need to put an ice burg into the oven before turning on your treadmill and sitting on some croissants in the nearby gym, while protesting for global warming. Here I am talking about the oven, not just any ordinary oven that you can find in an aquarium - it has to be *the oven*, the oven in which Nepeta cataria grows, the oven even lions and polar bears are afraid of. 

One sunny afternoon Mr Sashimi discovered that his long lost brother got into a lawsuit with a cup of tea over the disappearance of some painting. It was a portrait of a typewriter with a part-time job of pretending to be a magnetic compass in a convenience store. The cat who allegedly painted the portrait was immediately sentenced to life imprisonment for having created the painting which led to the lawsuit, and the cup of tea eventually reached an out-of-court settlement for an undisclosed sum with the jury's family members. This incident later turns out to play an important role in the plot of *the story* in a way that even the author who wrote *the story* is oblivious of.
 